Module 4: Prompt Engineering and Context Engineering:

What is prompt engineering? 
-->It mean give the clear instruction to AI so that it understand the context

Anatomy of an effective prompt: 
-->Role + Objective + Context + Input + Constraints + Examples + Output format + Validation

Prompt - A prompt is the instruction or question that you give to an AI to tell it what you want.
        (You are pythn trainer teaching to beginners)
Role - it tells the model what kind of expert/person it should behave.
Objective - objective tells the model exactly what result is required
            (it should or can dtsrat with explain, compare, summarise, classify, extract, validate, generate, rewrite, recommend, review)
Context - context is background info thta helps the model understands the situation
           (the learner are eng graduates, like this we need to start)
Constraints - are the boundaries and rues that model must follow
            (example - use fewer thatn 150 words)
            (useful constraints include - word or token limit,
             target audience, tone, required sections,
             excluded topics, permitted sources,
              no of examples, safety restrictions)             
Examples - examles show AI what a correct answersshould look like
           (with input and output)
Output format - output format describes how the answer should b e presented
-->Zero-shot prompting - zero shot prompting means asking the model to perform a task without giving an example
-->One-shot prompting - means gviing one example before providing  atask
-->Few-shot prompting - means providing mulitple input and output examples
-->Instruction prompting - means explicitly tells the model what action to perform
   example - summarise the topci in 3 bullet points
             each bullet point fewer than 20 word, 
             etcexplain one major idea
    It work =it works well for summarisation, translation, extarction, reviewing, code genertaion, etc
-->Persona prompting - assigns specific role to AI agent so that it behave accordingly

Difference bettween role and persion :
role - a role describes the function - you are a python trainer
persona - adds behaviour and style - you are aptient python trainer who explains using examples


Contextual prompting - supplies situation specific info required to answr correctly
                     - Contextual prompting means giving the AI extra information (context) along with your question so that it can give a more accurate and relevant answer.
Context = Extra information that helps AI understand your situation

Prompt chaining - When the device workflow connect with the prompt .

Self-consistency  - Where self consistency is the techniqu that  solve the questin  mulitple path
                    and way then he present answer confidently .
Decomposition of complex problems -Devide large problem into small parte/problem .
Prompt templates - reusable prompts that works .
Negative instructions - Tail the model what it should not to do .

context_Enginearing  - is the deisgn and manageent of all information provided to the model at inference time .

Context-Engineering process :
-->Identify what information requard .
-->Retrive only relevant information .
-->move duplicate and irrelevant coontent .
-->Place information in logical order .
-->Separate trusted instruction for the untrusted data .
-->Stay with the context window limit .
-->present esential information accross turns .
-->Validate whether the context supports the answer.


Prompt injection awareness - Prompt injection is an attempt to manipulate an AI system through malicious or untrusted instructions.

Prompt injection is an attempt to manipulate an AI system through malicious or untrusted instructions.